### 1 Linden Street
* photographer.Terrific ambulance drivers
* Richard

名称| 关系 | 职业|  其他
---|------|------|------|------|---
Richard  |he| photographer|1 |
Marilyn |mother| 0| 0 0|
Ellen | wife| 0| 0 0| 0| 0
Robbie | brother| high school |  0| 0
Susan | sister| worker| 0 0| 
Alexandra | friend| exchange student| 0 0| 

### 2 Linden Street II
* I'm taking too much of your time
* The traffic is very heavy at this hour.
* lost-and-found office I left my bag of film on the ferry. 
### 3
* dessert  vanilla  scoop of   good stuff I'll get it ferryboat
 * favorite subjects pediatrician. Biology and mathematics. 生物学和数学
 * you really saved the day for me

 ### 4
 * dinner Date  parking  baby-sitter.pretty flowers!

smart young  lady and very nice 
deciduous scope 
### 5 The Blind Date  ACT II
* A special place for special people. 
* What do you recommend today?  I'd like a glass of ginger ale with ice. 我要一杯加冰块的姜味汽水
* vice-president   errand 
* I feel terrible , forgive , stomachace go ahead

### 6 The Blind Date  ACT III
* sick nervous apartment occasionally, 
* It was only a tummy ache. 仅仅是肚子有点痛。
* You two must be close. 
* where did the time go? as a matter of fact 


### 7 Grandpa's Trunk ACT I

* picking him up  independent.
* It just takes time to feel comfortable in a new place.
* He's something! 他真了不起！ That's for sure.stuff
* independence. a business trip  Trunk railroad station.
* She always reminds him of Grandma.

### 8 Grandpa's Trunk ACT II

* sit by the windown
* my destination. 那是我的目的地。.
* Lots of wonderful memories. 
* celebrate A construction company. Roads, bridges, big stuff.
* I was in the smoking section. 我原本坐在吸烟的位子。
* theater 戏院
### 9 Grandpa's Trunk ACT III

* Please look us up. 请跟我们联络。
* day off  be independent
* I can't wait to see her.  Pleasant dreams. 
* talented She was kind, intelligent and loveable, like Susan..

### 10 A Piece of Cake ACT I
* exhausted  nonstop  aerobics 有养运动
* You are not speaking clearly.
* I don't understand your pronunciation.
* I am in excellent health. advanced  lifting weights
* Quite a bit different. 是啊。相当不一样。
* Of Course. Easy. No sweat. 当然。小事情。 绝无问题。
* It's rough. It's very hard.
* I'm on my way over. 谢谢，我马上就来。

### 11 A Piece of Cake ACT II
* You are not speaking clearly.
* complete physical  aerobics class ree.
* I don't understand your pronunciation.
* I am in excellent health.
* Sunrises. Stretch it out. Flat back. 双手捧日。尽量舒展。平背拉回
* You are in great condition. I can't believe it! 
* I have ideal blood pressure. A perfect heart. 我血压很正常，心脏也很好

### 12 A Piece of Cake ACT III
* Cooking dinner for the entire family is not so easy.
* tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, and onions. 蕃茄、莴苣、黄瓜、洋葱。
* The main course: steak and potatoes. 主菜：牛排和马铃薯。
* broccoli 西兰花  groceries 杂货；食品；生活用品
* Skip, hop, front. 跳，蹦，向前。 
* Twist... again.... OK, now... scissors. 扭腰……张腿合腿。 
* This is fun. It's a piece of cake. 
* You have lettuce. You can't count it.

### 13 The Right Magic ACT I fish
* refrigerator bacon I love crispy bacon. 脆的肉。 baseball 
* ward. Definitely. I made enough for an army. 我煎了一大堆
* We had some good times together.

### 14 The Right Magic ACT II
* the important thing is to get the hook close to the fish
* The water's pretty deep here. 
* Then you close your eyes and say the magic words. 
* Fish, fish, send me a fish. 
* In order to catch fish blanket

### 15 The Right Magic ACT III
* neat  lodge
*  it's going to be all right
* Wrap him in the blanket, 
* I'm very grateful, 
* I guess I ruined your day. 我想我今天扫了你的兴了
* emergency
