### 16 Thanksgiving ACT I
*  the ingredients. 现在,看看配料 
* apple pie There's much more to be done.
* flour sugar butter  walnuts
* last but not least  Cinnamon ...桂皮粉  slam the door
* cabinet powder  cinnamon grocery grouchy
* Protein, vitamins. 蛋白质,维他命。

### 17 Thanksgiving ACT II
* parades balloon   recipe
* Look at those funny-looking clowns. 
* Taste Ellen's turkey dressing. 
* Happy Turkey Day.
* I look forward to seeing you and Harry and Michelle.

### 18 Thanksgiving ACT III
* settlers
* so I can enjoy you all. 让我享受到你们大家的温馨。
* They shared the first harvest with the Indians 
* remember the meaning of Thanksgiving.
* turn the oven on  so patient

### 19 Man's Best Friend ACT I
* absolutely wonderful
* they're so kind to me  silly  cheer you up  spaniel
* a cheeseburger and French fries
* The number you are calling -- 555-8448is no longer in service.
* You've lost your family.
* It sounded like a dog barking right here. 

 ### 20 Man's Best Friend ACT II
 * Give me your paw. 
 * the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. 美国禁止虐待动物协会。
 * But if they don't, I'll adopt her. 如果找不到,我就收养她。
 * She's hard to resist. 
 * She just wants love and affection. 她需要爱和关怀。
 * We're off to the animal shelter. 我们这就去动物收容所。

 ### 21 Man's Best Friend ACT III
* References? 证明人?
* Then you have to fill out this form 然后你要填写这份表格。
* about your family background. 关于你的家庭背景的。
* Her eyes look so sad. 她的目光那么忧郁。
* She must really miss them. 
* I will have a cheeseburger, medium rare, 我要一份奶酪汉堡,五分熟的,
* with raw onion, and french fries, please. 加生洋葱和炸薯条。
* Anything to drink? 要喝点什么吗?
* A diet cola, please. 一份健怡可乐。
* And some have fur.

### 22 You're Going to Be Fine ACT I
*  I need your special talent for handling special matters.
* tonsillectomies set  reassurance [,ri:ə'ʃuərəns] 
* He's had so many colds and sore throats recently.
* tonsils  Everything will be just fine.
*  But you just put on your pajamas and robe,

 ### 23 You're Going to Be Fine ACT II
 * charades  clown
 * Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
 * This is a rough group. 
 * And you promised me a surprise

 ### 24 You're Going to Be Fine ACT III
 * All kinds of flavors.Strawberry 草莓 Vanilla 香草  
 * You need some rest to help you get better quickly.
 *  we have Popo the Clown to entertain you. entertain
 * 
### 25 It's Up to You ACT I
*  the feelings about graduation.  cheering about
* That's the worst part--making decisions. 最伤脑筋的是做决定
* Hail to the victors valiant, 
* Hail to the conquering heroes, 
* Hail, Hail to Michigan, 致敬，向Michigan致敬,
* The champions of the West! 西部 ！

### 26 It's Up to You ACT II
* interview footsteps
* Anything special you want to talk about? 

### 27 It's Up to You ACT III
*  interview footsteps  Journalism interview   footsteps
* Anything special you want to talk about?  

### 28 Smell the Flowers ACT I
* schedule Day off 
* To enjoy the simple things in life ... 
* remind appointment mystery  mystery.  reception room.

### 29 Smell the Flowers ACT II

* excited about thirsty  fountain
* I find myself in an embarrassing situation. 
* and forgot to enter it in my appointment book.
* crab salad. 蟹肉色拉。ferryboat 
* its hard to explain
* girls talk  Exit sign folks

### 30 Smell the Flowers ACT III
* I decided to forget about my accounting problems 
* and just enjoy this beautiful spring day. 
* go for ride
* carriage